net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/OneClickConfig.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.OneClickConfig
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/skilling/Runes.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.skilling.Runes
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/skilling/Birdhouses.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.skilling.Birdhouses
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/misc/Seeds.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.misc.Seeds
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/skilling/Darts.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.skilling.Darts
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/OneClickPlugin.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.OneClickPlugin
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.OneClickPlugin$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/ClickItem.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.ClickItem
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/skilling/Tiara.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.skilling.Tiara
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/misc/Blank.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.misc.Blank
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/misc/Custom.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.misc.Custom
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/Spells.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.Spells
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/misc/Healer.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.misc.Healer
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/Types.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.Types
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/skilling/Firemaking.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.skilling.Firemaking
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/skilling/DarkEssence.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.skilling.DarkEssence
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/misc/Compost.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.misc.Compost
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/skilling/Seaweed.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.skilling.Seaweed
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/skilling/Karambwans.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.skilling.Karambwans
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/ClickCompare.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.ClickCompare
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/misc/Herbtar.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.misc.Herbtar
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/skilling/Spell.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.skilling.Spell
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.skilling.Spell$1
net/runelite/client/plugins/externals/oneclick/comparables/skilling/Bones.java
 net.runelite.client.plugins.externals.oneclick.comparables.skilling.Bones
